# Citizen Code of Conduct

## 1. Purpose

A primary goal of the Company Campus is to be inclusive to all, with the most
varied and diverse backgrounds possible. As such, we are committed to
providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, regardless of
gender, sexual orientation, ability, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, and
religion (or lack thereof).

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate
in Company Campus, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.

We invite all those who participate in the Company Campus to help us create
safe and positive experiences for everyone.

## 2. Open [Source/Culture/Tech] Citizenship

A supplemental goal of this Code of Conduct is to increase open
[source/culture/tech] citizenship by encouraging participants to recognize and
strengthen the relationships between our actions and their effects in the
Company Campus.

Communities mirror the societies in which they exist and positive action is
essential to counteract the many forms of inequality and abuses of power that
exist in society.

If you see someone who is making an extra effort to ensure that the Company
Campus is welcoming, friendly, and encourages all participants to contribute
to the fullest extent, we want to know.

## 3. Expected Behavior

  * Participate in an authentic and active way. In doing so, you contribute to
    the health and longevity of this Company Campus.
  * Exercise consideration and respect in your speech and actions.
  * Attempt collaboration before conflict.
  * Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech.
  * Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants. Alert
    Company Campus leaders if you notice a dangerous situation, someone in
    distress, or violations of this Code of Conduct, even if they seem
    inconsequential.

## 4. Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behaviors include: intimidating, harassing, abusive,
discriminatory, derogatory or demeaning speech or actions by any participant
in our Company Campus online, at all related events and in one-on-one
communications carried out in the context of Company Campus business. Community
event venues may be shared with members of the public; please be respectful to
all patrons of these locations.

Harassment includes: harmful or prejudicial verbal or written comments related
to gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, disability; inappropriate use
of nudity and/or sexual images in public spaces (including presentation
slides); deliberate intimidation, stalking or following; harassing photography
or recording; sustained disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate
physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

## 5. Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behavior from any Company Campus member, including sponsors and
those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.

If a Company Campus member engages in unacceptable behavior, the Company
Campus managers may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including
a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the Company Campus without
warning.

## 6. If You Witness or Are Subject to Unacceptable Behavior

If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other
concerns, please notify a Company Campus manager as soon as possible.

<florian.herveou@companycamp.us>


Additionally, Company Campus managers are available to help Company Campus members
engage with local law enforcement or to otherwise help those experiencing
unacceptable behavior feel safe. In the context of in-person events,
organizers will also provide escorts as desired by the person experiencing
distress.

## 7. Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating this Code
of Conduct, you should notify <florian.herveou@companycamp.us> with a concise
description of your grievance. Your grievance will be handled in accordance
with our existing governing policies.


## 8. Scope

We expect all Company Campus participants  to abide by this Code of Conduct
online and in-person, as well as in all one-on-one communications pertaining
to Company Campus business.

## 9. Contact info

<florian.herveou@companycamp.us>

## 10. License and attribution

This Code of Conduct is derived from the [Citizen code of
conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org/) and is distributed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)

